                     UNIT-2                                                                                                                                                   
          
    Ø COUNT()Ø SUM()Ø AVG()Ø MIN()Ø MAX()                                                                                                                                     

1.  COUNT():

    This aggregate function is used to return the count or the total values of a given column.

2.  SUM():

    This aggregate function is used to return the sum of all the values of a given column.

3.  MIN():

    This aggregate function is used to return the minimum element present in the given column.

 4. MAX():

    This aggregate function is used to return the maximum element present in the given column.

5.  AVERAGE():

    This aggregate function is used to return the average value or the arithmetic mean of all the values in the given column.

GROUP BY:

The function is used to arrange identical data into groups with the help of some aggregate functions. 
i.e if a particular column has same values in different rows then it will arrange these rows in a group.

ORDER BY:

The ORDER BY statement is used to sort the fetched data in either ascending or descending according to one or more columns.


#concept of subquery in sql:-
A subquery is a query that is nested inside a SELECT , INSERT , UPDATE , or DELETE statement, or inside another subquery.
  A subquery can be used anywhere an expression is allowed.

Command:- SELECT

Purpose:- A subquery can be used in the WHERE clause of the SELECT statement. The concept of using a subquery in the WHERE 
clause of the SELECT statement is called an inline view. A subquery in the WHERE clause of the SELECT 
statement defines a data source from that particular Select statement.


Create:- The CREATE DATABASE command is used is to create a new SQL database.
Alter:- Using ALTER command we can add a column to any existing table.
Drop:- DROP command is used to remove an object from the database.
Truncate:- This command is used to delete all the rows from the table and free the space containing the table.
Rename:- The rename command is used to change the name of an existing database object(like Table,Column)
Delete:- The DELETE statement is used to delete existing records in a table.
 
Define Aggregate functions.
Functions which operate against a collection of values and 
returning single value is called aggregate functions.

